“You were almost a Jill sandwich!” – Resident Evil
This infamous quote was said by fellow S.T.A.R.S. member, Barry to Jill after she is nearly crushed in a trap within the mansion. It is safe to say that it broke a lot of tension from the terrifying presence of the mansion.

7. “It’s a-me, Mario!” – Assassin’s Creed II
This in-joke for video gamers is said by Ezio’s uncle Mario after meeting on the road. It quickly became one of the more iconic quotes within the game for its reference to our favorite Italian plumber.

8. “The sun went down with practiced bravado. Twilight crawled across the sky, laden with foreboding. I didn’t like the way the show started. But they had given me the best seat in the house. Front row center.” – Max Payne

This dark quote appears right before the murder of Max’s wife and baby, setting off the crazy course of events that define Max’s journey and motives for years to come.

9. “The right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world.” – Half-Life 2

The mysterious G-man says this at the beginning of Gordon Freeman’s second adventure. Gordon ends up fulfilling this saying throughout the storyline.

10. “FINISH HIM!” – Mortal Kombat

A classic quote yelled at the player after they have beaten the opponent. This allowed the player to perform a bloody fatality or simply smack their opponent to conclude the fight.

11. “Would you kindly…” – Bioshock

Without giving anything away, this infamous quote turns into the biggest plot point of the first Bioshock game.

12. “The healthy human mind doesn’t wake up in the morning thinking this is its last day on Earth. But I think that’s a luxury, not a curse. To know you’re close to the end is a kind of freedom. Good time to take… inventory.” – Call of Duty: Modern Warfare

famous quotes
13. “Some trees flourish, others die. Some cattle grow strong, others are taken by wolves. Some men are born rich enough and dumb enough to enjoy their lives. Ain’t nothing fair.” – Red Dead Redemption

14. “You can’t break a man the way you break a dog or a horse. The harder you beat a man, the taller he stands.” – Far Cry 2

15. “War…war never changes” – Fallout

16. “The world fears the inevitable plummet into the abyss. Watch for that moment and when it comes, do not hesitate to leap. It is only when you fall that you learn whether you can fly.” – Dragon Age: Origins

17. “Most test subjects do experience some cognitive deterioration after a few months in suspension. Now you’ve been under for… quite a lot longer, and it’s not out of the question that you might have a very minor case of serious brain damage. But don’t be alarmed, alright? Although, if you do feel alarmed, try to hold onto that feeling because that is the proper reaction to being told you have brain damage.” – Portal 2