19. “It’s dangerous to go alone, take this!” – The Legend of Zelda

20. “I raised you, and loved you, I’ve given you weapons, taught you techniques, endowed you with knowledge. There’s nothing more for me to give you. All that’s left for you to take in my life.” – Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater

This emotional quote comes at the showdown between Snake and the Boss. Everything has led to this, as the quote exhibits, and it’s an extremely powerful scene.

21. “Boss… you were right. It’s not about changing the world. It’s about doing our best to leave the world… the way it is. It’s about respecting the will of others and believing in your own.” – Metal Gear Solid IV: Guns of the Patriots

22. “Endure and survive.” – The Last of Us

23. “Praise the sun!” – Dark Souls

This is Solaire the knight of the sun’s motto, which quickly became a favorite quote online amongst Dark Souls gamers.

24. “Do you like hurting other people?” – Hotline Miami

25. “I’ve struggled a long time with survivin’, but no matter what you have to find something to fight for.” – The Last of Us

After the death of his daughter, Joel has to keep scraping to survive after 20 years of a plague-infested America.

26. “Tell me Bats. What are you scared of? Failing to save this cesspool of a city? Not finding the Commissioner in time? Me, in a thong?” – Batman: Arkham Asylum

Just one of the humorous classic lines challenging Batman, the Joker steals the show in all of his appearances.

27. Federico: “It is a good life we lead, brother.” Ezio: “The best. May it never change.” Federico: “And may it never change us.” – Assassin’s Creed II

Ezio and his brother have this touching exchange at the beginning of the second game, shortly before tumultuous events throws everything into chaos.

28. “War is where the young and stupid are tricked by the old and bitter into killing each other.” – Grand Theft Auto IV

Niko gives us some philosophic wisdom here when discussing the ways of war and conflict.

29. “Hope is what makes us strong. It is why we are here. It is what we fight with when all else is lost.” – God of War 3

30. “Stop right there, criminal scum!” – The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion

Nefarious players will be hearing this more than others, but this classic line is delivered with such gusto and passion that it borders on parody.

31. “Hey! Look! Listen! – The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time

Infamous words by Na’vi, Link’s fairy companion has become known by all gamers.

32. “I used to be an adventurer like you until I took an arrow to the knee.” – The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim

Uttered by passing guards, this quote quickly became a fast-spreading meme on the internet, where people would repeat it and add their new flavor to it.

33. “Do a barrel roll!” – Star Fox 64

Another famous quote that became a meme, Peppy Hare instructs Fox to do a barrel roll during the tutorial of the game.

34. “So, I guess I’d become what they wanted me to be, a killer. Some rent-a-clown with a gun who puts holes in ot